Introduce smooth quant method and enable smooth quant in language modeling examples (#302)
huggingface/optimum-intel: docs/source/optimization_inc.mdx

    calibration_dataset=calibration_dataset,
    save_directory=save_dir,
)

> ### Specify Quantization Recipes

Reviewer: I would prefer to add it in the documentation once the integration is validated on our side

Author: will merge this first, and Let's discuss how to improve later

    calibration_dataset=calibration_dataset,
    save_directory=save_dir,
)

### Specify Quantization Recipes

> Intel(R) Neural Compressor support some quantization recipes. Users can set `recipes` in config class to achieve the some purpose.
> 
> | Recipes | PyTorch |
> | :---------------- |:---------------:|
> | smooth_quant      | ✅ |
> | smooth_quant_args | ✅ |
> 
> The SmoothQuant methodology is available for post-training quantization.
> [SmoothQuant](https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.10438), a training free post-training quantization (PTQ) solution,
> offline migrates this difficulty from activations to weights with a mathematically equivalent transformation.
> Usually, smooth quant improves the accuracy of the model.
> 
> Please refer to [smooth quant usage](https://github.com/intel/neural-compressor/blob/master/docs/source/smooth_quant.md) and [neural_compressor recipes](https://github.com/intel/neural-compressor/blob/master/docs/source/quantization.md#specify-quantization-recipes).
> 
> Example of recipe([link](../../examples/neural_compressor/language-modeling/README.md)):

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The [SmoothQuant](https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.10438) methodology is available for post-training quantization. This methodology usually improves the accuracy of the model in comparison to other post-training static quantization methodologies. This is done by migratesing the difficulty from activations to weights with a mathematically equivalent transformation.
```

> ```python
> recipes = {
>     "smooth_quant": True,
>     "smooth_quant_args": {
>         "alpha": 0.5,  # "auto" or a float value. Default is 0.5
>         "folding": True,  # folding=False: Allow inserting mul to update the input distribution and not absorbing. It is only for IPEX backend.
>                           # folding=True: Only allow inserting mul with the input scale that can be absorbed into the last layer. 
>                           # If folding not set in config, the default value is IPEX: False (True if version<2.1), Stock PyTorch: True.
>     },
> }
> conf = PostTrainingQuantConfig(recipes=recipes)
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```diff
- quantization_config = PostTrainingQuantConfig(approach="static")
+ recipes={"smooth_quant": True,  "smooth_quant_args": {"alpha": 0.5, "folding": True}}
+ quantization_config = PostTrainingQuantConfig(approach="static", backend="ipex", recipes=recipes)
```
```

> Validated Models with smooth quant: [models](https://github.com/intel/neural-compressor/blob/master/docs/source/smooth_quant.md#validated-models)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to INC [documentation](https://github.com/intel/neural-compressor/blob/master/docs/source/smooth_quant.md) and the list of [models](https://github.com/intel/neural-compressor/blob/master/docs/source/smooth_quant.md#validated-models) quantized with the methodology for more details. 
```
